Zone where are you successful at the end of the last lecture I challenge you to implement the methods
to code you need to implement to fetch the data from firebase.
Let's now implement it together.
Now I'll start in the data storage service again.
We already have to store recipe's method.
Now I'll add get recipes and here as you might expect.
I want to get my recipes and return them now here.
Of course I want to use angler's HTP service and now I want to send a GET request because you want to
get some data from the back and you are going to be the same as on the porch request targeting the same
node and that actually already is all we have to pass to get to your days will configure the request.
Now get recipes will also be called from the header but I actually don't want to use the response there.
Instead what should happen with response.
Well I simply want to call my recipe service and replace the existing recipes with the ones I get back.
So here I basically want to subscribe to that absorbable to instantly fire it whenever I get recipes
is called.
And here we know we get back a response of type response and that already is kind of an issue we need
to transform this because the response itself was not what we want to store.
Instead our data our recipes will simply be the extracted data off the response.
So if the Jason Mefford we can extract that data this response contains and turn it into a javascript
object or in this case array.
And that will then actually be what we will want to work with.
So we know that this will be an array of recipes because hey we saved that on the database right.
So that should work.
And with days I can now reach out to my recipe service and here I want to replace the existing recipes.
Now as you can see we don't have a method for this.
We have ADD recipe we have update recipes but we don't have set recipes or something like that.
So let's quickly implement such a method in the recipe service.
I'll add as year right at the top I'll call it set recipes and here I simply expect to get an array
of recipes and all I want to do then is I want to replace my existing recipes with these new recipes.
And then of course I want to call recipes changed and pass my updated recipes or a slice of that so
I copy to everyone who's interested.
So that is the method we now add and with that we can call set recipes and pass the recipes we received.
With that we should be able to get the recipes from the server and replace them in our app.
Now of course we need to call that method that gets recipes Meffert here.
So go back to the hetero component and add a click listener on the fecche data link here on fecche data.
Sounds like a fitting name.
And then the typescript file therefore implement on fetch data.
A method we try to call in our template and here are simply reach out to the data storage servers.
I don't want to call get recipes here and here we don't need to subscribe because we're already doing
this here in the data storage service.
So let's see if that works as expected if we now delete our recipe here and we reach out to the server.
We should get it again because there we did store it prior to this lecture and it did we do.
Back it is we get both recipes again.
Now if I added this recipe the schnitzel and I delete all ingredients and I save this and then now save
this on the server that works.
But if we check it on the server you might now recognize that the ingredients property is missing entirely
on this first object and therefore technically that no longer fulfills our recipe definition.
Let's fix this tiny issue in the next lecture.